I have been fortunate enough over the
years to travel to some of the most
extraordinary and remote places on earth
to find and film animals this is the
biggest flower in the world is greater
that exists on the planet the sheer
number and variety of animals and plants
is astonishing estimates of the number
of different species vary from 6 million
to a hundred million nobody knows
exactly how many different kinds of
animals are here wherever you look with
life there are often a multitude of
variations on a single patterning nearly
200 different kinds of monkeys for
example
and 350 hummingbirds
nearly a thousand batch
and beetles at least 350,000 species of
them not to mention a quarter of a
million different kinds of flowering
plants
the variety is astounding
even in this one small English woodland
you might see four or five different
kinds of features
there's something just about him just
the way he the way he moves the way he
speaks it's very relaxing I'll be in
North from no yes not right